we are in B lahia in the area that the
Israeli Jets bombed yesterday destroying
an entire residential block and
resulting in a large number of injuries
and
fatalities many remain unaccounted for
under the rubble the civil defense teams
are trying to recover the
bodies
we have been able to pull out five
people along a stretch of 30 m two
parents and their three children the
building comprises of two structures
where there are around 30 or 40 dead
bodies I was surprised to find out that
members of my own family are under the
debris we are unable to recover anyone
despite many attempts because we lack
the required equipment to do
so
the moment we reached the place all we
could see was massive destruction 30
people were killed most of them were
children newborn babies and women they
were staying safe in their homes and the
next thing they knew was the entire
building collapsing on
them we can see here the level of the
destruction following the bombing of a
residential Block in B lahia so far the
medical teams been able to Rescue five
people many are still trapped under the
rubble because the rescue teams don't
have appropriate
equipment we were unable to recover
people who are still trapped under the
debris this requires special equipment
but we don't have it we need cranes to
recover the
bodies people were at home feeling safe
when suddenly their houses were bombed
without any warning the entire area was
bombed resulting in 30 deaths including
women and children we have managed to
recover some bodies but around 15 to 20
mainly young children remain under the
rubble that is what happened I can only
place my faith in God
now
this is another Massacre committed by
the Israeli Army killing many innocent
people and leaving other people trapped
beneath the
rubble make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jaer